9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
show. [music] I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> morning. We are counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Our
top stories today, the dollar [music] at
its lowest in almost 4 years. Stocks
rising ahead also of the Fed decision.
President Trump says he is not concerned
about the currency [music] slide.
No. No, I I'd want it to be just seek
its own level.
>> [music]
>> Which is the fair thing to do. You could
have it I could have it go up or go down
like a yo-yo.
UK Prime Minister [music] Keir Starmer
arrives in Beijing with a business
delegation later today on a mission to
broaden trade [music] ties without
antagonizing Washington. Also ahead,
India and the EU seal [music] a deal
after decades of discussion creating a
free trade zone of 2 billion people.
And I'm Stephen Engle at day two of the
Goldman Sachs Global macro conference
here in Hong Kong. Stay tuned for key
conversations on the path ahead for the
Fed and also the [music] outlook for
commodities demand in China.
>> [music]
>> Good midweek session to all of you.
We're looking [music] at again
some paired stability right now at much
lower levels. Of course, it's the caveat
there when you look at the dollar index
and certainly 120, we're back there. The
euro on the Bloomberg dollar index, we
talked about this near a four-week
four-year low when you look at the DXY
for example, you know, any signs that
this is getting overheated and oversold
specifically five-year low on the 14-day
RSI. Yeah, strongest level the Japanese
currency going back flip the page,
please going back to October. So
certainly conversations not just in the
Japanese side, but on the US side really
leading to where we are right now. And
certainly it's going to bring up
conversations around what the fix and
the significance of today's fix is going
to look like coming out in the PBOC.
We'll get to a statistic in a moment for
you which is going to put in that
interesting terms here. Asia FX index,
our specific gauge here coming up on
your screens very shortly the live price
for four days of of loss of gains as far
as that's concerned. Right now, the sort
of commodity iteration of the weaker
dollar has been the debasement trade
whether that's gold and silver and we're
also looking at Brent prices coming up
on your screens. That's also in case you
missed it and most people probably did.
Brent prices are back to the highest
since October here. Goldman's out with
an upgrade on prices of aluminum
although the price projection was
slightly lower than current levels right
now. More on that in a moment. Let's
have a look at the equity markets as we
approach the open. So two things, right?
One is everything except the Japanese
equity market which tends to of course
move inversely to the
the movement or the value of the
currency right now. That's playing out
quite clearly specifically when you look
at the exporters like car makers,
machinery, consumer electronics all
feeling the pinch right now. Cospi's
going the opposite way. Taiwan is coming
online. A50 futures are coming up on
your screens. We talked about crude
Shanghai crude is going to be third and
of course dollar China and the spread
between this
and the onshore rate is actually not the
widest in several months, right? So the
PBOC has an opportunity if of course
that's where we go with the fix. If
that's in the weaker side of things,
that gap slides and narrows back, but
we'll see of course. We'll find out in
about 12 minutes from now. But yes, lots
of conversations to have everyone going
into the markets open of course today.
Yeah, I think you know, you can't go
wrong with talking about the historic
moves that we've seen with the dollar,
right? I mean you're talking about what?
A three standard deviation move nearly
when it comes to what we saw overnight
that 1% drop in the Bloomberg dollar
index.
And and really it's going to only add to
the whole this whole debasement been
trade as we've been seeing it play out.
And also really reinforce some of the
policy at least the FX moves that we've
already seen, right? Fresh momentum for
the yen bulls out there and more
appreciation pressure for the renminbi
now, too.
>> Yeah, and I wonder what's it's coming at
a time when in less than 24 hours,
right? We have the the Fed meeting
that's going to come up and whether or
not that will feature in the in the
statement itself. You know, what traders
are also doing I think interesting too
is even before the comments
out of Donald Trump came out which
furthered and opened up that further leg
of downside. The pricing around let's
call it the cost to short the currency
that's a simple way of putting it is
actually not a record high. So people
are still piling into it being despite
it being a very expensive trade at the
moment. So expectations are still rather
one way on the dollar. That one way is
down.
>> Yeah, Stephen Jen from Eurasia just came
out with a note saying you know, they he
doesn't believe there's sufficient
market attention yet to the recent
movements in the dollar, right? Is this
sort of the start of some multi-year
structural dollar correction that's
going to be out of sync with what you're
seeing with stocks? We did hear hit near
records or at least close to records in
the US stocks overnight here. As well as
resilient economic growth in the US. So
certainly that's a lot of questions
because and what's really going to be
driving the dollar from here on forward,
right? Because it's not rate
differentials. It hasn't been like that
for for some time now. It continues to
be the policy risks and uncertainty
around some of the policies that come
through from the Trump administration as
well. So it was some of these comments
that kind of rocked the really the
market. Let's take a listen.
No, I think it's great. I mean the value
of the dollar. Look at the business
we're doing.
>> No. No, I I'd want it to be just seek
its own level.
Which is the fair thing to do. You could
have it I could have it go up or go down
like a yo-yo.
David Finnerty is with us our FX and
rates strategist. He joins us to talk us
through what is going on in his head as
we look at those comments and really
this massive move down in the dollar,
David.
Where is the floor in this?
Uh well, I'll tell you that when London
comes in. I think I think what's
interesting London really doesn't have a
which is a huge FX center doesn't have a
lot of hasn't had a lot chance to react
to Trump's comments. So I think what at
the moment you're seeing the dollar sort
of steady in Asia. I think let's see
what happens when when Europe gets in
and what they want to do with it. You'd
have to think they want to sell the
dollar. What was interesting yesterday,
I was talking to some London traders
prior to Trump's comments and they were
saying that they're seeing a lot more
widespread interest in selling the
dollar versus the euro and obviously
Aussie dollar and so and other
currencies. So everyone talks about
obviously the yen. Dolly yen was like
the initiator should we say. That
started to broaden ahead of Trump's
comments and you saw dolly sort of euro
break through 119 was previous
resistance against the dollar. That has
momentum for that. So you get this idea
of it's in hedge funds and investors
becoming a lot more widespread in terms
of what they wanted to trade against the
dollar. So when your London kicks in,
you just think well, let's continue that
same theme logically. So I would expect
I wouldn't be surprised at all if there
was a lot more selling dollar broad
dollar selling with main beneficiaries
being the yen, the euro. There's a lot
of digital buying in options overnight
and six to month six to three to six
month tenors for the euro and the yen.
So there's a lot of interest in there
from hedge funds. But Aussie's always
popular because the RBA may hike. Kiwi's
popular as well and even sterling but to
a lesser degree. But pretty much it's
coming across the board now. But it's
just pretty much sell dollar against
anything is becoming more and more the
market sentiment.
Yeah,
I guess you part of that list you didn't
mention is is the renminbi, right?
Because it's almost given more fuel for
this trade for dollar China to head
lower. I'm just wondering what should we
expect in terms of the PBOC? Do you
think that they're going to push back
with a bit on on really kind of slowing
this appreciation?
It's going to be interesting cuz
when the PBOC come in, the dollar
appreciation one thing. We know it tends
to like a slow grind. The catch is you
got to got to remember actually the euro
versus CNH. That is also the euro has a
big weighting second biggest weighting
after dollar in the CFETS basket. So
PBOC will certainly be aware of what
euro CNH is trading and obviously the
euro has had a very strong day
yesterday. So that's going back up
towards euro CNH is going back up
towards its 2025 highs and PBOC seems to
be aware of that. So he won't want it to
blow through those highs. So it's going
to have to factor that into his
equation. So it's got a very interesting
bit of dilemma here. It's like well, the
dollar's weakening. I've got to watch
that, but I've also got to watch what
I'm doing against the euro as well. So I
think a lot of people will be watching
this fix today to see you know, how how
what speed it wants to go. Generally, we
know the PBOC likes the slow grind
appreciation or depreciation. But
obviously in this case, it tends to be
more CF the one is a tends into
appreciate more.
David Thank you, David Finnerty there
joining us with the latest on all things
dollar. And coming up we'll speak
exclusively to Goldman Sachs's vice
chairman Rob Kaplan about his outlook
for the US economy of course given his
former [music]
credentials at the Fed as well, Fed
policy and the dollar that's coming out
at the bank's annual global [music]
macro conference here in Hong Kong.
We're counting down the trade of of
Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong here.
Of course, it is really about volatility
that we're seeing in FX markets here
today, but futures at least are pointing
higher in China up 4/10 of 1%. This is
the China show.
>> [music]
>> It's time to [music] take a breath on
these rate cuts. They've made a number
of cuts that are still feeding through
the economy. And so I think it makes
sense in the face of elevated inflation
and what seems to be coming this year
that it would be a good time to pause
and really take stock of how they assess
the economy on both sides of their
mandate.
Former Kansas City Fed President Esther
George there speaking to us earlier. A
time to head back and really continue on
this Fed conversation and go to the
Goldman Sachs Global Macro Conference in
Hong Kong day two and our very own
Stephen Engle is standing by with our
next guest. Steve.
Uh thanks thanks a lot, Yvonne. Robert
Kaplan is our next guest, Goldman Sachs
Vice Chairman, also the former Dallas
Fed President. Very timely again to have
you on board here on China show. Uh so,
let's we're going to talk about the FOMC
and what uh J. Powell and company should
or might do or will do. Uh but let's
talk about the dollar. That's the top
headline right now, obviously. A further
uh depreciation overnight. Uh Donald
Trump adding a little bit accelerate to
that, essentially saying he's not too
worried about a weaker dollar. What do
you think is the true
um reason and manifestation of this
weaker dollar trend and how long will
that last?
I think uh around the world, I think
investors pools of money are taking a a
fresh look
uh at the US. There there have been a
number of events over the last couple of
weeks that domestic and geopolitical.
And I think what you're seeing, you'll
notice gold is up, uh alternative
currencies are up. Uh I I think there's
a little bit of a repositioning. You'll
notice stocks in the US are not down.
So, people are sticking with their risk
positions, but are I think are probably
buying some tail risk protection,
hedging the dollar. I think we saw that
in the first half of 2025 also. I think
it will run its course. Uh it puts an
onus on calming down some of the tail
risk and I think that would help this.
I mean, it
is to say that it's too help boost
exports too simplified explanation for
what we're seeing here? Yeah, I I I
don't I think
yes, it is true a weaker dollar boosts
exports. However, we have in the United
States has 39 trillion of debt on its
way to 40 trillion plus and when you
have that much debt, I think stability
of the currency probably trumps uh
exports. And so, I actually think uh the
US is going to want to see a stable
dollar uh uh and wants to see stability
and they want to be able to sell the
long end of the Treasury curve. Stable
dollar helps. I mean, there are
concerns, obviously, and there is a lot
of noise about it that this could be the
beginning of a multi-year structural
correction for the dollar. You don't see
that.
>> I don't know that that's the case, no. I
think there's a lot of strengths in the
United States
uh in terms of innovation,
very strong year for GDP growth coming,
we believe uh and a lot a lot of
positives. However, uh people around the
world are not I don't think they're
running away from the US, but they're
they're managing some of the tail risk
and the institutional framework, they're
trying to make sure they understand it
and on the margin are taking action to
to probably hedge the dollar or buy some
alternative safe haven's. Gold is the
most prominent example.
>> Absolutely. So, I gold obviously has
seen the upside. Do you think 6,000 an
ounce is a target? I know you're not the
prognosticator of currency or commodity
markets, but Well, the house view is we
we could see gold getting in 54, 5500. I
don't think that's an unreasonable uh
view. It's had quite a run here. Uh you
may see some retrenchment, but we think
stronger gold makes sense. How do you
read what's happening in Japan?
Obviously, the yen is a beneficiary of
the weaker dollar at 152 and change
right now. So, there was a lot of
chatter about intervention when it
approached 160. There's, you know,
fiscal challenges, obviously, and fiscal
stimulus being proposed by uh the Prime
Minister, but there's been a bond market
route and a lot of turmoil. How do you
see this dovetailing with what's
happening with the dollar?
>> here's the dilemma for Japan and this is
true of a lot of the developed world.
Aging population, in Japan's case
shrinking workforce growth because of
aging and very high leverage. And so,
there isn't at this stage as much
capacity or market willingness to go
along with more fiscal stimulus.
Uh on the other hand, there's there's
things that the central bank would
normally do to protect the currency, I
raise rates, and I think uh
uh I think talking about uh
excess fiscal is sort of had an effect
in the market. So, I think you'll see
that calm and it will probably need a
combination of some fiscal action and
probably the central bank taking some
action to protect the currency. Uh but I
think in the in between now and the
election, I think they just want to calm
this, but it ultimately it's a symptom
of the structural issues, aging and
leverage. This is why productivity
growth with AI being one of the
catalysts is the big upside for many
developed companies countries including
the world and and a lot of the world
will be watching how fast you develop AI
to improve productivity growth. How do
you read the reports and the speculation
that the New York Fed did a rate check
uh at the behest perhaps of Treasury uh
to sort of send a signal to the market
that there could be coordinated
intervention?
So, uh uh obviously, I've seen the same
reports. I I would get I think it's in
the US's interest that you don't see the
back end of the Japanese bond curve move
up because it will affect the back end
of the US Treasury curve. And so, I
think some rhetorical intervention at
least doesn't surprise me uh because I
think it's in all of our interest to see
stability. In the kind of environment I
talked about, aging and leverage, we're
seeing duration challenges around the
world and I think we want to calm that.
Is there a risk last question on Japan?
Is there a risk that Japan could start
selling off some of its 1.2 trillion
dollars in Treasuries as a bit of a
backstop, as a bit of a way to calm the
bond or currency markets? I I I think
the What would that impact be? I think
the bigger issue that Japan I think will
have to wrestle with is the
fundamentals. Uh
lack of workforce growth.
>> Yeah. Uh maybe bigger guest worker
program. They'll probably talk about
faster productivity growth
initiatives, AI being part of it. I
think you've got to get to the
fundamentals, which is you a little bit
of better growth in an aging society
with the all the government debt. These
other things are more on the edges. You
probably have to address the
fundamentals.
>> And calm messaging from authorities.
Yeah, absolutely. Let's talk about the
FOMC. We're going to get the decision uh
early morning Hong Kong time tomorrow.
Uh widely believed as Esther George we
just heard saying it's time to pause.
You agree? Yeah, I do agree. I think the
Fed right now is at neutral. What do I
mean neutral? It's at it's where at
three and a half, three and three
quarters. The neutral rate is I I think
three quarters to 1% real
uh and then another add the inflation
rate two and three quarters.
With inflation still running at two and
three quarters and expectations of
stronger GDP growth, I which may help
the job market, I don't think they want
to move until they see demonstrable
evidence that inflation is improving. If
they see that this year, they'll move,
but they don't want to act until they
see it.
Is there disunity though among
Fed participants? Uh that was the
concern. I talked to Patrick Harker, uh
the former Philadelphia Fed President,
who essentially said this could this
causes problems. He He was quite
surprised in the last rate meet decision
in December. Yeah. I don't think I think
there's debate and disagreement and I
think that's a good thing. And here's
why.
If when we were at four, four and a
quarter, four and a half quarter, four
and a half,
it was easier to go along with cuts to
buy labor insurance because we were
still the Fed was still restrictive. The
reason the tensions got higher is once
you're getting to neutral, I think a
good part of the group said, "I don't
want to be at neutral with inflation
sticky and oh, by the way, above target
for the last four or five years." I
think you'll see now that they bought
the insurance, I think you'll see a
pretty good consensus among the group.
We don't want to act until we see
improvement.
And your views again on Fed
independence. Obviously, there's been
lots of ramping up of rhetoric coming
whether it's from the DOJ and having the
subpoena. Uh J. Powell stood strong. Uh
of course, he's going to be handing off
his his position. He could stay on as
governor though. What do you How do you
think this plays out?
>> So, let's take it in pieces. In
December, a lot of people may not have
paid attention to this. The governors
voted unanimously to extend the term of
all the bank presidents other than uh
Raphael Bostic who's retiring. Uh that
might have surprised people. Unanimous
vote, by the way. Okay. So, I think it's
I think there's more likelihood there'll
be stability among the presidents than
if the Supreme Court does not uh allow
action on Lisa Cook,
you've got four seats with J. Powell's
the one that's up for grabs. I think
he's likely, I would have thought, not
to stay on. And so,
the
the they'll be four seats with the new
chair. It means the new chair will push
regulatory reform, may have more
collaboration with the Treasury on the
balance sheet, but on the Fed funds
rate, he's not going to have seven votes
wired. He's going to have to persuade,
debate, disagree. I think that's a good
thing. Uh
he'll argue that the Fed should
anticipate inflation improvement. The
committee will want to see it and
that'll be the debate. All right. Uh
Robert Kaplan, thanks so much. We could
go on and on. Really really appreciate
it. Very timely. Of course, as we
continue day two coverage of the Goldman
Sachs Global Macro conference here in
Hong Kong. Back to you, guys.
Extremely timely conversation ahead, of
course, of the Fed decision, given the
dollar moves. Really, it's almost like
we are blessed by the news gods today,
given the voices coming through. Lots
more coming through as well out of the
macro conference there with Steve later
on. So, stay tuned for that. The bank's
outlook, metals prices, we mentioned
Goldman and their move on aluminum and
why they think demand destruction in
China could actually trigger
a correction. The fix of today Yeah. And
if you didn't you missed it just now,
we'll recap it real quick. So, this was
the strongest fix set by the PBOC since
August. [music] So, they're not quite
you know, too concerned about the recent
appreciation of the currency here. Not
fighting back too much here this
morning. We're talking about dollar
China now at 6.93 [music]
against the dollar. Play more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Risk rally continues here [music]
in the Asia Pacific ex-Japan. The weaker
dollar is weighing on the Japanese
equity side because of the strong yen.
The tailwinds are coming through in the
form of many
many things here in Hong Kong. A weaker
dollar, you have this IPO, this debut
today, Busy Ming Hong Kong. I think you
have two more on the mainland today set
to open much, much higher.
And amongst those things, of course,
this risk rally continues, right? We're
trading at about four plus year highs on
the Hang Seng index. Yeah, four and a
half when it comes to the Hang Seng.
[music] So, certainly, you know, the
equity story still remains quite intact
despite the volatility that you're
seeing across FX here globally this
morning. [music] When you talk about the
historic moves that we've seen the
dollar against the yen, against the euro
and the like. Our renminbi, right? We
just had the strongest [music] fix from
the PBOC since August. So, they're not
they're pushing back, but not too much
when it comes to this [music] fresh
appreciation pressure on the renminbi
here. So, that's one thing to watch.
We'll talk about the spread between
onshore and offshore in just a moment.
But there you go. Onshore equities
looking pretty strong right now. We're
up uh CSI 300 by about half of 1%. Uh
keep in mind we're watching, of course,
some of these kind of large cap names
like the
local chip makers that which have been
kind of selling off of late uh just
given the whole Nvidia H200 sort of
story that we we brought to you a few
days ago. Uh also watching, of course,
the CATL story as well. There was an
interesting note coming through from
analysts talking about maybe some of the
margin pressures uh from the company,
the battery makers and the like. Look at
the boards and see how Hong Kong is
doing.
Uh it looks like Shanghai crude as
they've mentioned the move that we saw
in crude prices seems to be catching up
as well. We're up about 2% for futures
in Shanghai. H is tech is bid here this
morning with the exception of Alibaba.
There you go though. It was just kind of
a slow going there, but we are mostly
higher. Uh it's interesting you're not
seeing that pronounced moves in tech.
Look at HSBC. Or you're trading at 137
now. We're up another 2% after the stock
basically uh set a record yesterday. Uh
you know, it's a it's a massive
milestone for for a bank stock here. Uh
record 300 billion dollar market cap uh
for HSBC now. So, certainly, uh you
know, you're seeing the financials
certainly catch quite a bit here. Uh
we'll talk about that, but that is one
of the sectors to watch for sure.
Because given what we've been seeing,
whether it is, you know, the outlook for
property and the like here uh is looking
better in Hong Kong. Hang Seng property
is up another day. We're up about 4/10
of 1%. So, maybe some of the old
traditional sectors in Hong Kong are
actually outperforming the tech space
here. Uh keep in mind also when it came
to AIA, Morgan Stanley raising their
price target by 16% talking about strong
growth for its value of new business for
2025. Uh yes, the debasement trade
continues on here today. So, we talked
about gold and silver hitting records
just given what we've been seeing with
the dollar story. Uh you are seeing some
of these gold miners like Zijin Mining
extending those gains yesterday after
announcing that takeover deal. Uh but
yes, China Silver Group seems to be
outleading that pack here right now,
2.6% higher. And we talked about, of
course, uh more debuts to tell you about
here. It's not just Busy Ming. You have
Shandong Nengda and Shenzhen CSL Vacuum.
But there you go. Ooh.
Two of the three doing very well today,
Dave. That's a good enough batting
average for me.
Uh let's get more insights really on the
more on state of markets and what the
top themes to track will be over the
next couple of hours. We mentioned weak
dollar. We mentioned this Korea breakout
just now, the Hong Kong breakout, Hang
Seng index four and a half year high.
Lanting our managing editor for Asia
equities is joining us from Singapore
right now. Good morning, Lanting. So,
let's start off with the weak dollar.
How are we how are we observing that
play out across the region this
Wednesday morning?
Yeah, a weak dollar definitely is the
biggest market story of the day today.
But for equity traders, really the focus
continues to be on chips and AI because
SK Hynix and Samsung are going to report
earnings tomorrow and we'll see how much
of a memory chip shortage there will be.
And even today, two Chinese memory chip
makers just announced price hikes. And
that's the first time we heard from
Chinese chip makers. So, that's really
adding to the momentum of the the chip
uh rally or chip chip bullish story
across Asia. And last night, we saw
Texas Instruments also reported very
robust set of earnings. So, that's
really something people are continuing
to watch. Another subset of the AI
trade, which is a fiber optics. And
that's because of last night's a $6
billion deal struck between Corning and
Meta Platforms for Corning to supply uh
fiber optic and cables to Meta's data
centers. We're going to see a jump in
those fiber optic uh companies as well.
And we're already seeing a bunch of them
jumping in Japan. And there's a lot of
them traded in China as well. So, that
is another thing people are watching.
One third thing is just national team
activity. We saw a pretty intense few
days of national team selling of onshore
equities. And yesterday, we saw a little
bit of a slowdown in activity. But
people are still very much on, you know,
on their tenterhooks to just to figure
out what's the national team's next
move.
That's true. Um
I'm talking about the KOSPI right now.
This headline just crossed terminals.
South Korea's stock market cap market
cap reaches three and a quarter trillion
dollars, Lanting here. And that's
topping Germany's market here. It seems
like this is a market that defies even
some of the trade tensions here, right?
They baked largely shrugged off some of
the tariff threats from President Trump
yesterday. We have Samsung, we have SK
Hynix reporting as well later this week.
What's in store for Korea moving
forward?
Yeah, I think that again, because of
memory chip shortage a chip shortage is
still so huge globally, the momentum is
really strong. And this is also just the
beginning of the year. This we are still
in January. People are still looking to
pile into
you know, various hot sectors. The chip
again, I know it has rallied so much,
but that is still very cheap sector
relatively speaking, especially if you
look at Korea, the likes of Hynix and
Samsung. And also, yeah, I mean, in in
in Korea, this market cap takeover uh of
Germany's, which is the world's third
largest economy, it does speak a lot to
Korea's chip sort of or tech
advancement. And of course, that also
speaks to Korea's sort of K-shaped
economic development, right? Domestic
consumption is still very low, but
export, especially tech export, it
remains very strong. And if you look at
the kind of other market cap comparison,
Alibaba and Tencent, they they are still
bigger
in terms of a combined market value. But
they are rapidly being taken over by the
combined market value of Samsung and SK
Hynix. So, we're closely monitoring the
kind of crossover of that pair. I
believe it should just take a day or two
for that crossover to happen.
>> Wow.
That's crazy.
>> Yes. All right. We have to watch the
Samsung SK Hynix spread. Mhm. That's the
one thing to watch. And yeah, both of
them reporting at the same time, that's
going to be quite interesting for
traders out there. Lanting, thank you.
Lanting too, there, our managing editor
for Asia equities. Let's talk a little
more about stocks here. Bringing you
Ping Liu, portfolio manager at Templeton
Global Investments. She joins us from
Singapore this morning. Thanks so much
for joining us. Let's start on Korea,
just given that this crazy sort of rally
continues and doesn't seem like there's
much that could really
stop it at this moment. You some of your
biggest holdings do
are some of these Korean names like
Samsung, like SK Hynix.
Where to next for this market? Seems
like it it just kind of continues to
gain in momentum here.
So, Korea comes off 2025 as the best
performing equity market. And months to
date, interestingly, we see that this
continues. I think when we look into
this year, there are two key themes that
we're focused on. First, earnings
delivery. And here, we continue to like
the semiconductor names, so Samsung
Electronics and SK Hynix because we
think they not only have very high
earnings visibility, but there is in
fact scope for earnings upgrades given
the extent of tightness we're seeing in
the memory cycle at present. The second
leg where we're also quite positive on
is on the value up story where we think
that 2025 was a year when government set
the tone in terms of value up, but 2026
is the year when corporates take the
baton and implement those value up
plans. And successful implementation of
this can lead to strong share price
performance.
Right. E E Ping, David here. I have a
two-part question. One is you mentioned
month-to-date. Are you not nervous given
this chart pretty much looks vertical?
>> [laughter]
>> That that's one part and that goes into
the second question. How do you suspect
you will manage your exposure to those
two big names over the near term?
I think that when you look at Samsung
and Hynix, yes, the stocks have
performed very well, but we still think
that there is more room left in terms of
earnings revisions. So, when we look at,
for example, our internal forecasts, we
had penciled in something like a 80 to
90% increase in the DRAM conventional
DRAM ASP for this year, but
interestingly, when you look at most
recent channel checks, it looks like it
may even exceed this. So, in fact, we
think that this scope for price
increases and the fact that the supply
response doesn't come in until earliest
mid-2027
still leaves some room for these stocks
to run.
Uh you mentioned in in your notes about
hedging the AI trade. What is the best
way to kind of hedge it right now?
In terms of hedging the AI trade, I
think the most prudent way to do this
from an equities perspective is to have
exposure to key onshore markets like
Asia shares or India in which there are
many domestically driven stories, but
not just that, the funds flow into these
markets are also largely domestically
driven.
Okay,
understood. So, what is the that takes
me to India, which I correct me if I'm
wrong is you're probably more overweight
in India than your peers.
Um is
is is that a better is that is that a
hedging is that a function of hedging or
is that is that down to something else,
E Ping?
India is perhaps a more contrarian view
that we're taking at this point. It's
not just a hedge against AI. We think on
a standalone basis India is looking more
attractive at this juncture after
underperforming in 2025 because when you
look at earnings, we think that earnings
are going to inflect into the second
half of the year. Valuations, while
always on the expensive side, are
looking more reasonable. And we think
the funds flow or funds positioning
looks particularly interesting here
because foreign investor participation
in the market is at an all-time low. So,
we think that if we have some positive
catalysts, say US-India trade deal or
even a US
and India-EU trade deal, we think that
this could be a catalyst for funds flow
entering the market. So, we think the
combination of the earnings, the
positioning, as well as the valuations
does make interesting India look
interesting at this juncture.
Um some some still say, you know, this
this India story isn't quite going to
play out, right? When you take a look at
you know, it still has weak nominal GDP,
for example. I think UBS just quoted,
you know, also talking about, you know,
valuations have come off slightly, but
they're still looking quite stretched,
actually. And there is kind of that lack
of clear AI beneficiaries.
Why, you know, why so much conviction in
India still, you think? And how do you
counter some of those arguments?
I think that India is a good bottom-up
stock picker's market. What we've seen
over the last few years is that the
breadth and the depth of the market has
improved. It's a large economy. It's
growing from a low base, and what this
means is that we feel we are able to
find these bottom-up stock picking
stories where even if the overall
environment looks tepid, uh these
bottom-up stock picks are able to
compound uh high sustainable growth at
good returns on equity.
E Ping, the
final question for you. So, a lot of the
Uh this is as of November, so that might
have changed, right? So, I'm looking at
some of the big
uh your big exposures, right? So, TSMC,
Tencent,
Alibaba. You mentioned the two Koreas
there. I mean, those are
I I think arguably too because of
exposure limits, it's it's it's a
conundrum for you guys because how do
you how do you outperform a benchmark
when these are, you know, the weighting
is much more than 10%. So, so my my
question is where do we get those are
beta plays. Those are beta plays.
Bottom-up stock picking, give us a few
names. What's what's the alpha
opportunity in this market given that
beta's just punching through the roof?
In Taiwan, it is challenging to get
active exposure to TSMC. So, from a tech
perspective here, we focus on a few
buckets. Uh we like growth from a low
base, so we think some of the ASICs
related plays look interesting. Uh a
name I would highlight is MediaTek. It
was a laggard last year. We feel that
the market under appreciates its ASIC
potential. Another opportunity for alpha
in the tech space is within product road
map upgrades. So, here liquid cooling
power solutions look interesting. I
think that in the China space, we like
picks on the innovation side. So, one of
our big active positions would be a name
like CATL, which we think is leading in
terms of battery chemistry, world-class
execution. So, I think that there are
quite a few opportunities for alpha in
the region.
E Ping Liao, thank you so much.
Portfolio manager at Templeton Global
Investments joining us this morning to
talk us through their what they're
excited about, right? Coming up here on
the China show. We just we we talked
about this briefly just now. So, India
and the EU seal a free trade deal. It's
after almost [music] 20 years of
conversations and negotiations. We look
at the winners and the losers. [music]
Next, this is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We delivered the mother of all deals.
We're creating a market of 2 billion
people.
And this is the tale of two giants.
And by combining these strengths,
we reduce strategic dependencies
at a time when trade is increasingly
weaponized.
Friends,
India has completed its biggest and most
historic free trade agreement.
This historic agreement will make
[music] it easier for our farmers and
small businesses to reach the European
markets.
That was the Prime Minister India, of
course, Narendra Modi and European
[music] Commission President Ursula von
der Leyen
hailing this free trade agreement
finally after almost two decades two
decades of negotiations and the pact
should be formally signed after some
legal vetting, which could take around
six more months. Okay, Balazs Pandy is
with us right now, our news desk senior
editor to talk us through the finer
print of this deal and we're finally
here, I think, is a good starting point.
Uh that's right. And we heard just the
glowing terms that both sides used about
this day. You know, Ursula von der Leyen
doesn't usually sound this excited about
a trade deal. She called it the mother
of all deals, and so that just shows
what it means for both sides, for both
the EU and and India. And it shows the
new world we're living in where
everybody's looking for new alliances.
Everybody's looking for ways to reduce
dependencies, especially on the US and
China in times where some of those are
uncertain. Uh don't forget this comes on
the back of an EU deal with Mercosur,
the South American trade trade
association. So, it is a major deal for
the EU. It opens up a vast market for
both sides.
Uh and it will it has a chance to really
rearrange both both economies a bit.
It's not just the economic ties, also
security, right? There was this new
security partnership, and it seems like
both sides are really growing closer on
the defense front, too.
Yeah, that's right. Uh and and both are
looking for
sort of ways to uh cement their place in
the in this changing global environment.
We heard
a lot of talk in Davos last week about
how it's a new era for for
the world, both in terms of the global
economy, and as you said, for security
as well. So, everybody's looking for new
partnerships, new alliances.
Balazs, thank you so much. Balazs Pandy
is there, of course, with the latest
here coming through out of India, both
in the economic and as Yvonne is
pointing out, also a some progress on on
defense.
Uh a glance at equity markets, and we'll
talk about effects in a moment here. So,
about 18 minutes cash market session.
We're looking at gains across Chinese
cash markets.
Uh India futures, we're looking at that
given developments we're seeing there.
That should be coming up on your
screens, if not already.
Uh and an update on the dollar, big
collapse overnight. We're coming off
lows uh in the Asian session this
Wednesday, and as our colleague was
pointing out, it's going to be
interesting uh when London comes online
and what they and how they react to this
dollar move. Do we have anything coming
up on our screens? We don't. Okay, oh
there. There we go. Thank you so much.
London is in uh going to be in green for
you. So, we're going from
uh Tokyo, London, New York. We're in
Tokyo time now, and we'll see when
London wakes up and what that looks
like. Plenty more ahead.
Some stories that we're tracking for you
this morning, holders of two China Wang
Ko Yuan bonds have accepted the
developer's plan to delay the bulk of
those payments by a year. The notes were
both originally due last month. [music]
The filing show all holders voted in
favor of the revised extension plan.
Wang Ko would now repay 40% of the
principal on both bonds on January 28th
[music] and the remainder in December.
LVMH ADRs closed lower after sales at
its key fashion unit fell over the
holiday season due to sluggish demand.
[music] Organic sales for the fashion
and leather goods division dropped 3%
last quarter, slightly worse than
expected. The CEO, Bernard Arnault, is
warning of a difficult operating
environment [music]
and says LVMH will limit spending this
year as a result.
JPMorgan is said to have told its
investment bankers to work harder to
close a gap with rivals [music]
including Goldman Sachs on mergers and
acquisitions. According to sources, the
co-heads of global banking say the group
underperformed last [music] year.
JPMorgan's investment banking fees fell
unexpectedly in the fourth quarter as
revenue from M&A advisory declined.
Okay, uh we're looking at three things
across these markets today and I think
we have some time to like let things
breathe, right? So, I think the dollar
story is interesting because we are
getting a bounce
from the lows off the cutoff, but as we
were pointing out uh we've yet to really
see the full extent when London opens up
as as a forex but of course given the
comments coming through out of the US
president and you know Europe will be
waking up with cable at these levels
with the common currency at 120 and
dollar yen certainly at at at October
highs, October lows as far as this is
concerned. So, yeah, it's going to be
I'm curious to see what London does with
this information.
>> and really this is coming at a time when
I think Stephen Jen from Eurasia had a
really great talk, you know, report
about this that this is still a
generation of currency analysts that are
accustomed with dealing with strong
dollar and strong US economy.
It seems like right now we're divorced
from that, right? You still see a very
resilient US economy but the dollar
continues to weaken. That's something
that I think traders are going to have
to digest and really kind of deal with
this new structural sort of weakness in
the dollar that maybe we're not paying
that much attention to just yet
according to Stephen Jen.
Um so, does that mean that there's
plenty of room for for a dollar to
weaken further from here? Certainly the
cleanest trade that we've seen perhaps
could be what we've been seeing already
in Asia, right? The yen, the renminbi as
well where you know where where 152
levels for dollar yen right now. So,
yeah. Yeah, I guess do what works and do
what's cleanest, do what's clean. I
think in the equity markets that's
Korea.
Uh but you make a good point, right? The
some of the models out there perhaps
need some updating.
Uh you know, how do you how do you model
I think one of the comments coming
through how do you model erratic tariff
policy or geopolitics.
>> geopolitics as a premium on on the
dollar when the economy is doing well.
In fact, it's doing well enough you
could make the argument the Fed does not
need to cut interest rates, right? If
you if you're leaning on the hawkish
side of things.
Uh but yes, I mean the other side to
that you know, when I woke up this
morning I had you know, 1.2% drop in the
dollar. Effectively, the US president
could be cutting interest rates on
behalf of the Fed, right? And what that
does to monetary conditions is some
certainly something to talk about. The
fix was also interesting too because in
the sense that they did not lean against
the move in in the markets. StoneX has
come out with a comment coming through
and that the fix does not signal any
directional push coming out of the PBOC
and hence why we're getting not so much
reaction right now in in dollar China.
>> Yeah, but that dollar weakness there
certainly is helping in to the in terms
of the equity space, right? If you take
a look at some of these sort of
uh the the AI trade that continues here,
right? The Kospi continues. You take a
look at when the market cap of this is
now even larger than Germany. Yeah.
>> That is still quite significant and when
you have you know, the largest sort of
weights on that benchmark, Samsung
[music] and SK Hynix also set to come up
with their results on the same day,
seems like there's plenty to look at
too. SK Hynix is up some 5% here. We're
talking about the Kospi index 3 1/2%
higher. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and yeah, we are talking well,
first of all, let's have a look at the
pollution, right? David David [music]
has been talking about his allergies all
week.
>> my goodness. But you can see it through
our bump shots here this morning. I
don't think that's just fog. Um but
there's not much fog when it comes to
the equity space here. We continue to
see milestones being hit. The Hang Seng
is at 4 and 1/2 year highs right now.
We're near records on Asian stocks. The
Kospi just hit a milestone here. Its
market cap is now larger than the likes
of Germany which is you know, the number
three. So, certainly there's plenty of
fodder, plenty of reasons I guess for
for investors to seek refuge just given
the volatility that we've seen in the US
of late here and that dollar moves we've
seen we're talking about a near three
standard deviation move on the Bloomberg
dollar index overnight. That certainly
is helping and underpinning what's going
on Asia here today.
>> It really is. In fact, we've broken out
of this recent range, right? That we I
think we touched on that top end
yesterday Hang Seng. We did open above
that right now. So, 4 and 1/2 year high
on the Hang Seng index. Flip the page,
please and have a look at some of the
movers here despite of course the
air air air air pollution out there. So,
we welcome it's AFF. So, a lot of guests
are in the city to
And Goldman. And Goldman, the macro
conference, right? So, pardon the
weather. Apart from that everything is
going well. It does seem though like I
have in my I was telling of on my my
nostrils seem like there's a gymnastics
exhibition that's taking place.
>> gosh. Nobody needs to see that.
somewhere in there. Well, all they need
to do is look out the window
if they're in Hong Kong today.
Who would have imagined we'd be talking
about PM2.5 again? Anyway, I digress.
Markets are doing well. Hang Seng
financials index
is at the highest I think on record.
There's some news around some of the
health care names in
in China. The State Council issued some
revised regulations around the
implementation of the drug admin law.
They're encouraging R&D and innovative
drugs. They're tightening supervision
though as far as online drug sale
platforms are are concerned. Back to the
big market macro story though is the
drop in the dollar. Two-day look, the
big drop overnight into this morning
where we are getting somewhat of a
bounce on the Bloomberg dollar index
coming through. The iteration in the
Asian FX space is dollar Korea, dollar
Taiwan, ringgit and the Sing dollar
which by the way it's tomorrow's going
to be busy because we get earnings
coming through out of the big Korea
names alongside an MAS decision coming
through as well in Singapore. So, just
keep that in mind. Precious metals spot
gold hitting a fresh record
about an hour ago, 50 minutes back in
fact to be more specific. Silver's
coming up. Platinum and palladium and
just very quickly Indonesia is coming
Down 7% dip. All right, what's going on
there? Okay, let me have a look at
happen what's happening in Indonesia.
Okay, so Jakarta's coming online. We're
about 2 minutes into the stock market
said okay, here we go. Oh, MSCI.
>> Yeah.
They're freezing new index changes on
that. Okay, intuitively that doesn't
make
much of that. I was about to say it
doesn't make a lot of sense. It probably
does. There's not a lot of detail there
as far as that headline is concerned.
Clearly not a lot of detail is needed
when the market's falling by this much,
7%
uh to the downside right now. So, a
little bit information from our markets
producer Anthony Stephen. So, basically
uh MSCI has said that the shareholding
structures are too opaque to keep MSCI
Indonesia weight. So, they have frozen
it in place for now. That is the latest
but that's enough as you say for traders
and investors to kind of hit the sell
button here this morning. We're down 6
and 1/2% and that must be a big move
that we haven't seen for some time.
>> Yeah, it's the biggest since liberation
day of last year, right? So, it is quite
tangible. I think we've taken out the
trend line to the upside too. So, I
would imagine this is something that we
will endeavor to get more details on in
the next in the next hour or so. In the
meantime though, let's take it back to
the broad market story and we did hear
of course from President Trump talking
about the literally the yo-yo effect on
the dollar and other reaction from some
of our guests on these big FX moves.
No, I think it's great. I mean the value
of the dollar. Look at the business
we're doing. No. No, I I'd want it to be
just at its own level
which is the fair thing to do. You could
have it I could have it go up or go down
like a yo-yo.
I I think there's a little bit of a
reposition here. You'll notice stocks in
the US are not down. So, people are
sticking with their risk positions but
are I think are probably buying some
tail risk protection, hedging the
dollar. I think we saw that in the first
half of 2025 also. I think it will run
its course.
Uh it puts an onus on calming down some
of the tail risk and I think that would
help this. We certainly want to hear
from Secretary Treasury Scott Bessent
about
the role that his department has in in
terms of dollar policy. Has anything
major
changed from his point of view? Does he
want to encourage this sort of price
action? It wasn't a very sensitive time
of day I would have to point out in the
24-hour cycle for FX. It was a very
illiquid time.
Definitely agree with the the knee-jerk
response on the dollar.
But whether it is a major change, we
it's still a little bit early to say.
Stephen Englander is with us, Standard
Chartered's global head of G10 FX
research to talk us through these
massive moves in the dollar and perhaps
what is in store short and longer term.
Stephen, good morning from the Asia
Pacific. Thank you for joining us.
What what do you think's going on, sir?
Well, I I think that there a number of
short-term reasons to sell the dollar.
And you know, we been dollar bulls, but
our our bullish case is long-term,
driven by productivity growth, higher
real interest rates, and that case isn't
showing up nearly strong enough to
offset the
you know, the selling that's coming on.
I think it first started with you know,
some concern about the you know,
Greenland [clears throat] and and sort
of what the US was willing to do
in terms of foreign policy.
I I think Japan and and the issues with
the
yen and the JGB market exacerbated this.
And I think one one factor is very
important, which is
given that we've been in in a very low
volatility period for last 4 to 6
months.
Um I think short-term investors in in FX
took a signal from how easy it was, how
little opposition there was to the
dollar weakening. And that just
encouraged them to pile in, and they
continued to do that when they saw that
there was no real pushback. So, I think
you know, the question always I mean,
abstractly, I can't tell you what the
difference is between 115 and 1 120. Um
so, what stops it from going even
higher? You have to see something, Greg.
Either some indication of US policy,
some indication that Europe is suffering
or that other countries are suffering
economically from the loss
competitiveness.
Um but if there's no real pushback, you
know,
it can go further. Ultimately,
as President Trump says, there is a
level. But um
in the FX world, you never know with any
precision precision what that exact
level is.
So, how do I gauge what is going to be
driving
FX and dollar before? I mean, it doesn't
seem like
you know, rate differentials is one
thing.
Is it still you know, a time to really
be putting a significant sort of
political risk premium on the dollar?
You know, just given the uncertainty
that we've seen around Trump policy.
Um you know, I'll I'll give you the
example of Liberation Day. Um our
equations are telling us
that there's about a 6% risk premium on
the dollar right now.
And um
the peak around Liberation Day was 6 to
7%.
And it took 6 months of policy
stabilization for that to erode. By the
time we got into Q4, that risk premium
had gone down, but it came down very
slowly. So, I think that
it's sort of a message here that it's
um if the shock is big enough, you're
going to see vol's pick up, you're going
to see concerns pick up. Um and I'll
I'll tell you our equations are saying
this is completely risk premium. There's
no you know, policy story or rate
differential story or you know, behind
it. Um if US policy stabilizes, if if
Bessent comes in and
kind of backs off from looking as if
they supported the um the dollar
weakening, I think gradually we will see
it. And ultimately, you know, think back
to 1995 to 2000. 1995 was a real low.
Everybody was selling dollars.
And by the time you got to 2000,
everybody was buying it back again
because the um underlying economic
productivity growth profits picture was
so compelling.
Stephen, maybe just to take the devil's
advocate, I'm curious what you really
think about this.
The So, I think it was 2 weeks ago,
Scott Bessent's comments that weekends
all that's all right. Sorry, that
strengthened the the Korean won.
Um we had obviously comments around
Japan that strengthened the yen. We had
this morning's comments coming through
from President not standing in the way
of a weaker US currency.
It doesn't take a massive stretch of the
imagination to put those three things
together and say and maybe conclude
there does seem to be some weak dollar
policy. That's a question mark for me.
What what do you think? Is there a weak
dollar implicit weak dollar policy here?
You know, I'll I'll start with President
Trump's comments. I think that they were
opportunistic.
Um you know, in the sense that he he's
argued for a weak dollar, and if if the
market's giving it to him, he wasn't
going to stand in the way. Um I I think
the the uh yen and and won comments, um
we had gone through a period where
yen and won weakness were domestic
political issues domestically there. So,
I I don't think he he was meaning to
pitch in and weaken the dollar overall.
I think he was helping out his um his
colleagues in Asia.
His buddies.
Yeah, tell me about the yen. I mean,
are they done, you think? I mean, it
seems like just the talk of maybe, you
know, rate checks from the New York Fed,
which is quite rare, and and the Bank of
Japan was enough to stabilize things.
We're we're at 152 levels
right now. Or do we need to really see
some follow-through on intervention for
for this trade to continue?
Well, you know, I'm actually not sure
it's an intervention story. I mean, if
if you look at the way the yen and JGB
yields moved, with yields going up, the
yen weakening, that's not a carry trade.
That's the opposite of it. It's a lost
credibility trade.
Um you know, so I think that there's
some fundamental issues that have to be
dealt with
in in Japan and and then some concerns
that are emerging on on the long-term
fiscal sustainability. So, I think that
you know,
they can intervene, and it's going to
have an effect, but if the budget and
the stimulus are still there, um and it
doesn't look like there's going to be a
way of reining it in, I think markets
will still be concerned.
Mhm.
Can I ask you about Sorry to circle back
on
Donald Trump and because you mentioned
something during the break, and I think
it would be fairly valuable for our
viewers.
Uh people talk about the taco trade.
Uh
tell us about tugs, t u g t u g s, if
I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, exactly. Um you know, I I I think
the more accurate characterization is
Trump usually gets something.
You know, taco implies that he pulls
back the whole way, but as we saw with
the Liberation Day tariffs, he asked for
a lot, he got something. In most cases,
he gets something from his demands. And
I think that that's the more accurate
gauge by which you should measure his
effectiveness. You might decide that he
didn't get anything, but I think um the
idea that if you announce a 500% tariff,
and you move from that 500% tariff to a
50% tariff, you've chickened out, I
think is ludicrous because I think the
the point is to get something and to
apply pressure on the margin, not the
most ex- extravagant or outrageous
comment that you've made.
So, the point is see what he gets, not
what he says.
Yeah. Um
How do you factor that into models, and
how do you express that in tugs?
In in your
>> That's very hard.
You know,
but it's a good example. You know,
everybody was petrified after Liberation
Day. Um you know, thinking that we're on
the breach of a trade war to you know,
destroy global trade, world economy is
going to fall apart.
Um when the administration saw that it
wasn't working out the way they wanted,
they they gradually became friendlier.
The tariffs went down, the negotiation
pace went up. They they they cut deals,
and you know, yeah, they they got some
tariffs. It's not clear how much
foreigners are paying or whether it's
the US person, but they managed to to to
get something, and and their their tone
changed a lot in the course of that
period. When when they decide that
um
it's not working their way,
they back up, and they cut the you know,
they try and cut the best deals that
they can. And I would say that you know,
the midterms are coming up. Um nobody's
going to vote for Trump because of
tariffs. Nobody's going to vote for
Trump because of Greenland.
Um and all this is a distraction. What
they need is to get the economy going,
let the productivity juices work.
There's some fiscal stimulus from tax
refunds. Um see if they can get mortgage
yields down. I think that that would be
the far more effective course, and I see
enough rationality you know, at Treasury
and the you know, a few other places in
in the administration. They I think that
that's the direction they're going to
push in in coming months.
And if all those stars align, I mean,
you might just get Stephen your your
your stronger dollar call, right? The
longer term, and you know, if the US
economy does strengthen. Wait, just
final question. We almost didn't talk
about the Fed. I can't believe we're
this close, and we haven't talked about
that. So, do you think Donald Trump
gets something along the lines of what
what he's been pushing for the Fed for
the Fed to do? And
he he also mentioned a few hours ago,
he's close to naming
um his his his his Fed pick. Who do you
think would be the most dovish for the
president to get something out of that?
Well, I've taken myself off the list, so
don't worry about that.
Um [laughter]
Oh.
Okay, look, what we've written is that
we think that Reader is the best
compromise between the three things that
he wants. He wants loyalty, he wants
somebody who has the respect of markets,
and he wants somebody who's friendly who
believes that's you know, the supply
side juices are are there.
Um you know, with respect to some of the
others, I think that there there issues.
Um and if he really wanted a Warsh or or
um Hassett, I mean, he's known them for
so long. It's it's it's unclear why he
hasn't just named them already.
Um and I I think Warsh would actually be
a step, you know,
>> [clears throat]
>> forward in terms of reducing risk
premium. He he he has a very strong
reputation in markets and I think he's
viewed as being independent even though
he's sympathetic to
they say more of a leader.
He has a lot of respect in markets. He's
viewed as being independent even if he's
sympathetic with the thrust of the broad
thrust of administration policies.
Stephen, it's great to have you. Thanks
for coming on. Stephen Englander there,
Standard Chartered Bank's global head of
G10 FX research joining us live in
Mexico City. Still ahead on the China
show, we've got Goldman's outlook for
Chinese [music] metals demand as prices
continue to soar. More from the global
macro conference a little bit later on.
[music] This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> It's time now for a quick [music] look
at some top headlines in Chinese
domestic media. UK Prime Minister Keir
Starmer is getting some positive
coverage just ahead of his arrival in
Beijing. Later today, the nationalist
tabloid Global Times is framing his
visit as a pragmatic approach with
experts saying London increasingly
recognizes China's growing weight in the
global economy.
>> Meanwhile, the paper's editorial today
says that such improving China-UK
relations creates more opportunities for
advancing a multipolar world. And it
says that Starmer's stance of not taking
sides between the US and China reflects
the West's rethinking of
outdated concepts of security,
civilization, and international
relations.
>> And the key goal there for his for this
trip specifically seems to be broadening
the trade ties with China without
annoying President Trump. Our China
economy and government reporter Callum
Murphy is with us out of Beijing to help
us understand the context and a preview
really of this upcoming trip in a couple
of hours.
Callum, so the what is the
what is he trying What do you think he
might get out of this trip and what do
you think he will try to get out of this
trip?
Um I think obviously the as you
mentioned, the challenge is to balance
the economic issues with concerns over
national security back home, but also
with
the optics in terms of whether any trade
deal might sort of upset the US and
Donald Trump in particular.
So the focus on trade especially in
services is a very important area for
the UK.
And I think you know, obviously the
Chinese are as we've seen from the the
coverage this morning, these are they're
ecstatic about having Starmer here. It's
another
sort of prominent global leader arriving
in Beijing at a time when a lot of US
allies are trying to explore other
options especially when it comes to
trade.
So he will be trying to
walk this tightrope between you know,
the focus on economic and trade and sort
of compartmentalizing
areas such as that touch on national
security, try to sort of downplay those
risks. And basically uh
herald a new stage for UK-China
relations.
So he has a couple of things to to do in
parallel. So it'll be interesting to see
how he manages to navigate all of these
different factors.
Yeah, we Whether we see that sort of
return to the golden age, right? I think
he mentioned that back in December about
you know, that brings us back to when
you know, Cameron shared a pint
with Xi at the time.
>> Yes. But you know, is he worried it will
upset Donald Trump
if in any at all? I mean, how are they
going to navigate these sort of
tensions?
Well, in interview with our colleagues
in London earlier this week, he was very
adamant that this was not going to be an
issue, that the UK doesn't have to make
a choice. And he dismissed any concerns
that it would upset Trump. But of
course, he's going to say that, right? I
mean, what what else can he say? The
issue here is what Trump sees. And we
have a case study as recently as last
week when Mark Carney from Canada, the
PM there came to China and struck what
was on the whole quite a modest deal.
But even that
was sufficient to you know, annoy Trump.
And now he's threatening tariffs on
Canada.
I don't think the UK and Canada are
necessarily apples to apples here in
this case. Obviously, Canada is a
geographical neighbor of the US. So the
calculations might be a little bit
different, but still the UK and the US
ties are very very strong. And it's it's
not as if Trump
is completely without criticism of
Starmer. I mean, most recently he was
unhappy with the British Prime
Minister's um moves to return an island
in the Indian Ocean to Mauritius. So
let's see.
It will be uh
you know,
key to see will be the scope of the
actual deal. So for example, even though
the UK
may really want to have say Chinese
investment in the EV industry or in the
battery industry,
maybe that's something that right now
would not be a sort of good signaling to
to Trump. So maybe we'll see some sort
of caution in terms of the nature and
the scope of the deals that are struck
between the UK and China this time
around.
Callum. Thank you. Callum Murphy there.
We look forward to of course
your your reporting on this trip here
which as you say, plenty of implications
to come. In terms of what it comes to
markets, certainly we'll be focusing not
just on the geopolitics, [music]
but really what the FX side of things
is. But in terms of equities, we're
still looking pretty good. When it comes
to the [music] Hang Seng, we're still
holding around those four and a half
year highs for HSI there. CSI 300,
you're seeing some of these big sort of
you know, local chip names like
GigaDevice that's really kind of [music]
leading the charge here this morning.
Nikkei is
going the opposite direction and Kospi
continues to fire on most of all
cylinders [music] there. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We're going into the
Japanese lunch [music] break. The
market's in focus because it's going
against the grain today as you can see.
So despite the up arrow amid the up
arrow story, it's really the the
strength in the currency
that's really playing out there.
Transport equipment, so a lot of the
companies effectively that have a
massive portion of their revenues and
business outside obviously will get hit.
The negative correlation between the
equity markets and the value of the
currency. Separately though, we're also
looking at We'll talk about a bond
auction later on by the way. So there is
one coming up later today.
SoftBank, okay. So
uh some reporting today that it is in
talks to for 30 billion more
uh in terms of uh their investment in
OpenAI. Stock is up 3 and 1/2%. That's
really leading to just also broadly this
rally across not just SoftBank, but also
across the chip space. Memory for
example, we'll we'll talk about that
later.
Other names to watch, we talked about
this, Toyota. Shin-Etsu Chem, I think
this is a earnings [music] story. Um
really this is the single biggest points
drag on on the benchmark today. The
others we talked about there,
uh that's an earnings story. [music] But
yes, we will look at how Asian markets
are faring as we go to break. We'll
leave you with that. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, 1:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are heading to that lunch break
in just a moment. And we talked about
sort of the weakness that we're seeing
when it comes to stocks here, really
kind of bucking the trend for the rest
of the region. Dollar-yen though, we're
still continuing to hold on to strength
although we come off a little bit, but
we're still talking about 152 levels for
that. Euro-yen is also at 183. We flip
the boards and look at long JGBs because
we are on guard now for the risk of
another meltdown potentially if we see
some bad demand when it comes to of
course that 40-year bond auction. This
is a tender of course that has proved
vulnerable to sharp swings. So certainly
that's one to watch in the next hour,
Dave. 399.6
billion being sold today. So we'll see
what demand looks like for that. That's
about 2.6
billion dollars.
But yeah, okay. Commodity markets, we're
looking at that too. So
I'll look at base
base metals for you. I think the the
upgrade this morning coming through from
Goldman Sachs on aluminum specifically.
Aluminum of course depending on your
side of the Atlantic.
And we're looking at base metals too,
but the story certainly has really been
in precious metals which we've talked at
length about. But yes, we will take this
as a jumping off point to head straight
back to the Goldman Sachs Global Macro
Conference in Hong Kong. Keir and
Stephen Angle is standing by with a very
relevant guest to the topic. Steve.
Yeah, we're going to again test our
metal here of course, Dave. And we're
going to talk to Trina Chen, Goldman
Sachs co-head of China equity research,
also the analyst in China basic
materials and agriculture. Thanks so
much for joining us. Thank you for
having me.
>> So you're telling me you're constantly
being peppered with questions from high
frequency traders about the market right
now in certain metals. We've seen a
run-up in prices. We saw the aluminum,
we've seen copper, no doubt gold for
sure. What's the main question and
what's your answer to those questions
that they're trying to They're not
looking at one-year horizon. They're
looking at now. I I think I I think it's
a combination of both. And obviously
the high frequency data, you know,
impact everything. You know, we think
you know, next day. So that's
Sometimes it runs into a different
direction than what you thought in in
terms of your positive view in the long
term. I think everyone is probably right
in terms of where price is now, which is
you know, structurally higher than than
the past many years and there's a reason
behind it mostly related to supply. But
we are where we are and I think this is
the point where you actually we are here
because there's a fundamental support
and there's also found flow and a macro
backdrop. And we I think the important
thing is we sort of come into a point
after the rapid surge of pricing that
these two no longer support each other.
So we're seeing the macro support
continue to be very resilient found flow
investor interest on the other hand the
real
producers on the ground they start to
respond negatively recently in our
monthly survey order book survey that
we're seeing some pullback in demand. So
for example order booking copper
fabricators has declined 10 to 30%. Are
you talking about delay orders the
fragmentation of order books from
consumer electronics
hardware
so so this is you know pretty typical
even great orders we're seeing some
slowdown. I do think we have a technical
adjustment in the near term given the
departing of these two drivers and the
rising inventory and that's something
probably in a good time we have to think
about it.
>> But at the same time so for example and
for the producers we can bring up
aluminum aluminum prices have been above
$3,000
you expect it in the this first quarter
to to stay above three but not for the
full year you there's
oversupply is going to be the problem
and there's not going to be
more supply coming online. Correct. I
think that fundamental beyond this next
two months is absolutely is you're
correct is is very different. And if you
look at a copper supply growth this year
is very limited. We're at the mercy of
all the recovery of the tier one asset
that has been disrupted last year. Which
is going to be very slow but in aluminum
currently the return is
it's just too attractive. You're
basically looking at a margin of 8,000
9,000 RMB per ton where your investment
is almost just 15,000. So we're actually
seeing expansions. I think this is going
to be the year probably surprise for
many people that both China and ex-China
output growth will be higher than
people's expectation and all of the past
5 years this will be the year with the
biggest delta in terms of the output
growth.
How does the anti-involution or the yeah
the anti-involution campaigns to
essentially try and stop price wars in
the prices racing to the bottom how is
that going to essentially buoy certain
areas? Yeah I think it's a really good
point to bring it in. You look at a
commodity market you almost see two very
divided camps. So there's one camp where
it's industrial metals where everyone's
interested
certainly you have a good supply demand
picture and the the problem we have is a
good problem price may be too high. But
on the other side you still have all
these bulk commodities for example steel
cement coal and these are traditional
sectors the demand is not growing even
declining still oversupply
probably deteriorating every year. And
that's the part where anti-evolution
goes in. My understanding of that is the
policy effort is not about
generating a sector with super profit.
But it's really about protecting the
tail end of risk of those sectors in
case things get worse. So capacity exit
work needs to be done. We are seeing a
lot of progress in cement. We're seeing
very slow progress in in steel
but it is ongoing policy effort. Now you
talked about the risks you also
mentioned in some of your research that
the risks from the property sector which
is a big you know obviously creator of
demand for these
metals mostly like copper and also you
mentioned cement but also the risk from
tariffs has subsided significantly. Also
where? Yes I think if you if you look at
the current demand that constitute is is
a lot more diversified versus where it
has been in China in terms of China
Chinese commodity demand whether it's
metals or all these bulk commodities.
Take example you know in a peak day
steel demand 65% two-thirds actually a
construction and a lot of them is
related to property. So the
today property sector is only a quarter
of size of that. So you still have a lot
of issues with property sector but it's
no longer being a game changer like
swing the demand one way or the other.
In the meantime you know you are seeing
very diversified kind of a demand from
different areas some of them actually
relatively new growth and therefore the
the range of uncertainties become very
little. Tariff
I think last year we've done a lot of
work in the panic in April and May and
trying to understand what happened in
the downstream but it was it was very
surprising even in a extreme period of
time you did not find a detrimental
impact of Chinese production in on the
aggregate basis. But now certainly that
risk today for now
is not on top of the mind. Well we're
all scrambling as well to figure out
what the ceiling is or if there is a
ceiling on gold. What I know the house
view is maybe 54
5,400 or or as we possibly test a new
ceiling of 6,000 or a new target where
do you where your views coming on that?
Yeah I I I think there there is a anchor
part of the driver for gold price and
that is central bank buying.
And what we do in our research is we
monitor Chinese central bank gold
holdings. Whether it's the reported
number from World Gold Council you know
that's official reporting or there is
actually an unreported
OTC numbers we could actually add it on.
>> PBOC was adding last year are they
expected to continue to add?
I cannot say it on behalf of PBOC but
the the reality is the central bank
holding in China is only now half of the
US in terms of a tonnage. So for the
same economy you could argue there's
still room but
will they add at the same aggressive
pace which is almost 800 a thousand ton
a year in a 3,000 ton market? That has a
very price big price impact. That we're
not sure
but as long as there's adding there's a
support to gold price but beyond that
where the recent surge I think that
that's making everybody a little bit
uncomfortable. But there's a reason
certainly behind it but those
uncertainties comes and goes. So so for
us we we focus on central bank purchase.
>> Fantastic Trina Chen thanks so much for
your time and having us here at the
Goldman macro.
>> Great to speak with you Steve. All right
thanks a lot. All right Dave sending it
back to you.
Another big interview coming up in the
next hour want to don't want to miss it.
Yep that absolutely yeah I I've set the
alarm of course coming up there with
Steve Dunaway of course at the global
macro conference Goldman Sachs there.
Okay
just briefly the emerging market story
in the last hour this open of Indonesia
and stocks are just got absolutely
tossed
out the window.
The most this is the biggest single day
drop on the index since liberation in
extremely heavy volumes coming through
and fears because of conversations on
what possibly could be the implications
of this MSCI move. The headline is it
would pause certain index changes until
regulators address the concerns over
these tightly held tightly held large
cap stocks in the country. I think we've
stolen the thunder from our Asian
equities reporter but there's enough
here to explain to us Abhishek Vishnoi
is with us out of Singapore so
well before we talk about implications
what exactly is are are the concerns of
MSCI here specifically Abhishek?
So MSCI has actually in simpler terms
just put on hold any kind of changes or
rather any kind of positive changes that
can happen to you know India's
Indonesia's
benchmark. And and this is possibly a
structural test of Indonesia's market
structure how regulators handle it. We
had already seen some outflows happening
last week ahead of you know this
consultation which was getting completed
by the end of this month. And given the
you know market's reaction today it's
pretty much a given that there might be
a lot more outflows. Now
David we have to look at it in this
context that
MSCI has raised some investability
concerns pertaining to their rules and
that is largely in direction of how free
float is being calculated in Indonesia
by the local regulators. Given their
concerns just like how you know cash is
valued at a discount in market you know
there are
you know voices emerging market
participants are saying that the current
free float that Indonesia commands which
leads to about 1.1% waiting in the MSCI
EM index for the nation needs to be
looked with a lens where it would it can
be reduced by 30 or 40 or percent. Now
what that means is if you are an active
fund manager and heavily overweight on
Indonesia, suddenly you are double the
overweight of what you were earlier. And
in this context, you know, we are seeing
a lot of selling in the market.
There is no change in the index. So,
this is not a selling which is driven by
passive funds yet. This looks like a
selling which is driven by active funds.
This is a structural test for the
market. The regulators have told
Bloomberg reporters that they are they
continue to work with MSCI to you know,
manage their concerns to work towards
in an area where they can come together
in terms of what an actual free float
would look like. But, whatever is the
outcome of this, it looks like you know,
Indonesia would either command lower
weighting as MSCI said, or there is a
risk that it may get even demoted to a
frontier market status, which will mean
further outflow from you know, emerging
market funds which have been holding
Indonesia and and some of them are
holding you know, Indonesia in excess of
7 to 8% which is like
six times the weighting that it commands
in the in the index.
Okay, so there's a threat of a possible
reducing the weighting and also even
just downgrading to to frontier market
status.
What do they need to do? I think they
have until May, right? Is that is that
sort of the deadline for them to
actually you know, spark some sort of
reform now?
Yeah, so you know, it's basically MSCI
putting the ball in local regulators
court. They're asking OJK IDSC and you
know, the local depository to come out
with a free float definition which is
you know,
clear, transparent and fully disclosed
and aligns with MSCI's methodology. Now,
if you look at MSCI's consultation paper
which was focused on this matter, the
MSCI methodology essentially meant that
almost every stock is likely to command
a lower free float. Thereby by design
Indonesia is set to command a lower
weighting in the MSCI Emerging Market
Index. They can continue to work till
May, but you know, that essentially sets
the pathway for active funds to pair
their weighting and recalculate you
know, how they are looking at Indonesia.
Look, this is not just while this is
about free float, this is not just
limited to free float. It raises
governance concerns. It gets married to
the macro and policy concerns that you
know, have been raised
via the economic growth outlook or you
know, Danontara. And all in all, this
essentially means lower valuation
multiples as well. So, while earnings
may not get tested right now, valuations
for sure are getting tested.
Yeah, as you mentioned, investor
confidence leading up to this decision
was already quite fragile given
Prabowo's policies and the like and and
you know, Edhy Prabowo is no longer in
the government. You had the latest when
it comes to Prabowo's nephew now joining
the central bank as well. So, plenty of
issues it seems. Abby, thank you. Abby
Abhishek Vishnoi there, a senior Asia
equities reporter joining us in
Singapore on Indonesia. We're still
seeing the JCI down some 5% this
morning. Coming up, India and the EU
seal free trade deal after almost 20
years of negotiations. We'll look at the
winners and losers on both sides next.
This [music] is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We delivered the mother of all deals.
We're creating a market of 2 billion
people.
And this is the tale of two giants.
And by combining these strengths,
we reduce strategic [music] dependencies
at a time when trade is increasingly
weaponized.
Thanks.
India has [music] completed its biggest
and most historic free trade agreement.
This historic agreement will [music]
make it easier for our farmers and small
businesses to reach the European
markets.
That was the [music] European Commission
President Ursula von der Leyen and Prime
Minister Narendra Modi on the EU's trade
deal with India and sealing as we just
mentioned after what, nearly two decades
of negotiations. Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi is hailing the agreement
as good for his country's manufacturing
and services sectors. Let's bring in our
chief Asia correspondent Rosalie
Mathieson
on more. Von der Leyen said this is the
mother of trade deals, Ross. What were
some of the details of this deal?
Well, obviously as you're saying, it's a
massive trade deal for both the EU and
India negotiated for many, many years,
but perhaps given a bit of an extra push
of late by what we're seeing is the
fragmentation of trade and relationships
around the world and the desire to
diversify away potentially from from the
US market. But as you say, it
encompasses quite a bit. It really opens
up these markets to each other, although
a little bit of extra protection still
for India in terms of agriculture and
dairy, but allowing a lot of access to
India for European car companies, which
is a very big deal particularly for
Germany, a massive producer of autos in
Europe. And on the flip side, a lot of
India companies will now get access to
the European market particularly around
apparel, footwear, textiles, also food
companies for example. So, a lot of
sectors there that are going to benefit
potentially for India. But also part of
this trade deal is also a security
agreement that was reached between the
two, which is about again sending a
political message that they're drawing
closer in general. And these are
understandings around things like
sharing intelligence and perhaps joint
development of weapons and so on, which
is also particularly potentially good
for India companies as well. So, there's
a lot of moving parts in this agreement.
It'll take a while to to take force and
to be enacted, but it's a pretty strong
signal of where they see the world going
right now.
And and Ross, if you could talk maybe
about one or two winners and losers as
the market tries to figure out maybe who
gets ahead here and who doesn't.
Well, certainly it may not be the best
news for India car companies because you
are going to get European auto makers
having greater access now to the India
market. So, that's one sector that might
lose. Also for India, perhaps liquor
makers because you can have these big
European liquor producers having greater
access again to the India market. But on
the India side as I was saying, like
companies that produce textiles,
footwear,
apparel in general and also India food
producers might benefit. So, there's
winners and losers on both sides, but
the sense that overall it's going to
benefit the economies of the EU and
India over time with a little bit of
protection as as I was saying for the
agriculture and dairy sectors in India
because those are very politically
important as well to Narendra Modi, the
Prime Minister. So, he didn't quite want
to open them up completely. So, there
are some protections there.
All right, we will see how the market
opens in India and how that fares.
Rosalie Mathieson there, our chief Asia
correspondent on of course that EU India
trade deal. We'll have much more from
India later live from India Energy Week
taking place in Goa. The World Nuclear
Association Director General joins
[music] today's edition of Insight with
Haslinda Amin along with the chairman of
Kawasaki Heavy Industries. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Okay, right.
This the data actually just came out
about an hour or so back. So, Korea has
now
officially officially when I sent it the
data Bloomberg has now topped Germany in
terms of a market cap. Nightmares of
that World Cup, I think it was two World
Cups ago when Korea actually beat
Germany
in quite a nightmarish ending of course
for the Germans. And this time of course
it's really down to the tech space. So,
you've been watching it on K-pop if
you've been focused in too much in the
Blackpink concert here in the weekend.
This is the K-pop that's going to make
you money.
>> Ooh.
>> Mhm.
That's that I still rather watch
Blackpink. But yeah, it was pretty nice
what Rosé did actually when she came out
with like local local Hong Kong treats,
>> does that in every single city. She She
tastes She She does that in every city.
right?
She She tastes the local delights and
she eats them while she's like heading
to her next spot.
>> Right. It was a bubble tea.
>> had it. Yeah. It was I'd say it was milk
tea. I'm sorry. And the waffles, right?
>> And the and the wa- the I don't know
what you call them.
>> Egg waffle. There we go. Yeah. Um yeah,
speaking of K-pop, right? If you take a
look at some of what we're seeing, it's
really the memory makers that are really
massively higher here this morning,
right? And you take a look at what SK
Hynix is doing.
Even just regionally, right? Like
Gigadevice, that's really kind of what's
propelling the Asia market today with 8%
gains on that stock. All right, this is
the H-shares as I just say. But, you
know, it on Thursday it's going to be
interesting when you have Samsung and SK
Hynix both reporting at the same time.
We're already writing about these dual
earnings calls that are going to be
happening. Um so, the market's going to
be really on tenterhooks about the
outlook for a memory chips. Obviously,
that's going to be the key thing. But
really this kind of rivalry you could
say between the two when it comes to
HBM, right? Now that we have Samsung in
this partnership with Nvidia, are they
now ready to actually close that gap
with SK? It's I mean, it's done well if
you were just sitting on an index,
right? Because both have really, really
done well as far as that's concerned.
And really, you know, what really kicked
if I remember correctly in the last few
months when I think Samsung raised their
game, well, it was an interview with one
of the executives and they talked about
the price hikes around that space. It
really kicked things off. Anyway, we'll
get more guidance from that tomorrow.
Very quickly, cable stocks jumping on
the back of this deal with Meta coming
through on your screens. Also, this
downgrade coming through. And speaking
of, that's why I had my my head was
around bubble tea.
Misha, actually, which is a listing here
in Hong Kong.
We are looking at a downgrade coming
through out of out of UBS. Yeah, the the
bubble has has a pop as far as this is
this specific one. I remember this
listing, too.
It's quite interesting about last year,
of course.
We're looking at the Hang Seng index.
So, we have taken out the highs of last
year, and that puts us at about a 4 and
1/2 year high I think standing at Hang
Seng benchmark here. Just very quickly,
[music] long and JJB's on your screens.
The 40-year auctions coming through.
Bit to copper will see what that looks
like. That is it from us here on [music]
the China show.
Plenty more ahead here on Bloomberg
Television.